ask the Lord for rain in the time of the
ask the Lord for rain in the time of the latter rain the Lord will make flashing
latter rain the Lord will make flashing
latter rain the Lord will make flashing clouds He will give them showers of rain
clouds He will give them showers of rain
clouds He will give them showers of rain grass in the field for everyone for the
grass in the field for everyone for the
grass in the field for everyone for the idols speak delusion the diviners
idols speak delusion the diviners
idols speak delusion the diviners envision lies and tell false dreams they
envision lies and tell false dreams they
envision lies and tell false dreams they comfort in vain therefore the people
comfort in vain therefore the people
comfort in vain therefore the people when their way like sheep they are in
when their way like sheep they are in
when their way like sheep they are in trouble because there is no Shepherd my
trouble because there is no Shepherd my
trouble because there is no Shepherd my anger is kindled against the shepherds
anger is kindled against the shepherds
anger is kindled against the shepherds and I will punish but goat heads for the
and I will punish but goat heads for the
and I will punish but goat heads for the Lord of hosts will visit his flock the
Lord of hosts will visit his flock the
Lord of hosts will visit his flock the house of Judah and will make them as his
house of Judah and will make them as his
house of Judah and will make them as his royal horse in the battle from him comes
royal horse in the battle from him comes
royal horse in the battle from him comes the cornerstone from him the tent peg
the cornerstone from him the tent peg
the cornerstone from him the tent peg from him the battle bow from him every
from him the battle bow from him every
from him the battle bow from him every ruler together they shall be like mighty
ruler together they shall be like mighty
ruler together they shall be like mighty men who tread down their enemies in the
men who tread down their enemies in the
men who tread down their enemies in the mire of the streets in the battle they
mire of the streets in the battle they
mire of the streets in the battle they shall fight because the Lord is with
shall fight because the Lord is with
shall fight because the Lord is with them and the riders on horses shall be
them and the riders on horses shall be
them and the riders on horses shall be put to shame I will strengthen the house
put to shame I will strengthen the house
put to shame I will strengthen the house of Judah and I will save the haunts of
of Judah and I will save the haunts of
of Judah and I will save the haunts of Joseph I will bring them back because i
Joseph I will bring them back because i
Joseph I will bring them back because i have not sinned they shall be as though
have not sinned they shall be as though
have not sinned they shall be as though i had not cast them aside for i am the
i had not cast them aside for i am the
i had not cast them aside for i am the lord their god and i will hear them
lord their god and i will hear them
lord their god and i will hear them those of ephraim shall be like a mighty
those of ephraim shall be like a mighty
those of ephraim shall be like a mighty man and their heart shall rejoice as if
man and their heart shall rejoice as if
man and their heart shall rejoice as if with wine yes their children shall seed
with wine yes their children shall seed
with wine yes their children shall seed and be glad their heart shall rejoice in
and be glad their heart shall rejoice in
and be glad their heart shall rejoice in the lord i will whistle father and
the lord i will whistle father and
the lord i will whistle father and gather them for i will redeem them and
gather them for i will redeem them and
gather them for i will redeem them and they shall increase as they once
they shall increase as they once
they shall increase as they once increased
increased
increased I will show them among the peoples and
I will show them among the peoples and
I will show them among the peoples and they shall remember me
they shall remember me
they shall remember me in far countries they shall live
in far countries they shall live
in far countries they shall live together with their children and they
together with their children and they
together with their children and they shall return I will also bring them back
shall return I will also bring them back
shall return I will also bring them back from the land of Egypt and gather them
from the land of Egypt and gather them
from the land of Egypt and gather them from Assyria I will bring them into the
from Assyria I will bring them into the
from Assyria I will bring them into the land of Gilead and level until no more
land of Gilead and level until no more
land of Gilead and level until no more room is found for them he shall pass
room is found for them he shall pass
room is found for them he shall pass through the sea with a flick and strike
through the sea with a flick and strike
through the sea with a flick and strike the waves of the sea all the depth of
the waves of the sea all the depth of
the waves of the sea all the depth of the river shal dry out then the pride of
the river shal dry out then the pride of
the river shal dry out then the pride of Assyria shall be brought down and the
Assyria shall be brought down and the
Assyria shall be brought down and the scepter of Egypt shall depart so I will
scepter of Egypt shall depart so I will
scepter of Egypt shall depart so I will strengthen them and they shall walk up
strengthen them and they shall walk up
strengthen them and they shall walk up and down in his name says the Lord